\testimony{Evan Morud}
{Kenmore, USA}
{18 years old}
{Pfizer/BioNTech}
{May 2021}
{Myocarditis}
{picture.jpg}
{https://nomoresilence.world/pfizer-biontech/evan-morud-aged-18-pfizer-severe-adverse-reaction/}
{

Evan says he was eager to get the COVID vaccine and signed up as soon as he was
eligible. After his second Pfizer shot, he had a few of the common side effects,
like fever and aches. But about 48 hours later, some different symptoms cropped
up, like chest pain.

“I felt like my chest was really tight and my throat was really swollen up, like
my lymph nodes and neck,” Morud said. “I was winded just standing up from a
sitting position,” he said.

The symptoms weren’t improving, and around midnight on May 18th, they debated
whether to go to the hospital, or wait it out.

“My gut feeling was telling me something was wrong,”. So they decided to go to
the emergency room at UW Medicine Northwest Campus, and we did, and boy, am I
ever glad we did,” said Charnell, Evan’s Mom.

“That’s when they found out it was the myocarditis,” Evan said.

The family said Evan’s heart rate was 140, about double what’s normal. But even
more alarming – his heart function was way down.

“I was pretty scared at first, just because I wasn’t really sure what it was. My
first initial thought was, am I going to have any long-term damage?”. Evan said.

UW Medicine’s Dr. John Lynch said during a Washington State Hospital Association
meeting on Monday that Myocarditis cases are happening in Washington.

“We are seeing some cases in Washington State that are happening after
vaccination,” Lynch said . “But just like everything else, we know things are
happening after vaccination that would’ve happened with or without that
vaccine,” ……but then he would say that!

The Morud family says while scientists are figuring it out, as more young people get vaccinated, they want to share their experience.

“So people know the symptoms they need to look for. Because a lot of the
symptoms are really similar to that just listed on your vaccine paperwork,” Evan
said.

“He could’ve suffered permanent heart damage. Or, sudden death is also a result
of this Vaccine. He’s my one and only,” Charnell Morud said.

Evan will need to be on some different heart meds for a few months, but after
nearly a week of waiting, the family found out he will likely make a full
recovery.

“I’m 18 years old, no medical record of any kind,” Evan said.

}
