\testimony{Brianne Dressen}
{Utah, USA}
{Unknown}
{AstraZeneca}
{4th November 2020 (Clinical Trial)}
{Blurry vision, sensitivity to sound, sensitivity to light, Multiple sclerosis}
{picture.jpg}
{https://nomoresilence.world/astra-zeneca/brianne-dressen-astrazeneca-clinical-trial/}
{

Brianne participated in the AstraZeneca clinical trial back in November
2020. She had her vaccine on Nov 4th and says she hasn’t been the same since.

“Immediately within an hour I had tingling down my arm…and by the time I got
home, my vision was blurry and double”

Her sensitivity to sound and light became so severe that she had to wear
earmuffs all the time and also sunglasses.

“Things progressed pretty quick. So, I have this week’s long neurological
decline, and no one knew what was going on. I called the test clinic several
times, finally two days later they had me come in and they did a neurological
exam and they said, ‘oh it looks like you have MS, so you probably need to get
that checked out,’”

Her symptoms continued to worsen and, just before Thanksgiving, she said her
legs stopped working – sending her to the emergency room. However, after running
several MRI’s, cat scans, and lumbar punctures, no one could tell her what was
wrong.

“I spent the next several months of my life trapped in my room by
myself…completely alone and in silence. Even the sound of my husband’s movements
was too much for my ears. We put towels on the windows trying to make it darker
and it was a nightmare,”

Brianne spent months teaching herself how to walk, eat, and form sentences again
— all while she travelled near and far to try and get some answers.

“The hospital didn’t know what was going on…none of the neurologists that I saw
knew what was going on…I called the test clinic several times and they had no
idea what was going on,”

“Some of my symptoms have since resolved, no more fevers, no more sensitivities
to light and sound, no more extreme nausea, and paraesthesia appears to be
improving. Yet, I am still largely housebound, unable to work, or even drive.

Over 6 months later, I still have the majority of debilitating symptoms,
including strange weakness in my legs, tremors similar to Parkinson’s, and
inability to walk very far. Heavy brain fog persists along with strange
pressures in my head. Very painful electrical sensation through my body,
tinnitus, and fatigue”

She said she has talked with other people who are dealing with the same symptoms
after getting their COVID-19 vaccines.

“I want these people to get help. I want the CDC to do the right thing and
communicate with the medical community so these people can get help. I want the
public to be able to have the full picture so they can make an informed
decision,”

She believes the people who are injured are being left behind.

“We absolutely can have the vaccines and we can take care of the injured. This
does not need to be an either-or thing,”

Brianne is a preschool teacher in Saratoga Springs.

}
