\testimony{Mary Abrimovich}
          {Hamilton, Ontario, Canada}
          {83 years old}
          {Moderna}
          {10th September 2021}
          {Acquired Hemophilia}
          {picture.jpg}
          {https://nomoresilence.world/moderna/mary-abramovich-moderna-severe-adverse-reaction/}
          {
          
\normalsize

We began noticing subtle bruising around June 1st and admitted to hospital June
14th.

My 83 year old mother had to move into a nursing home in March due to
dementia. She has never even had a flu shot before and been averse to taking
medications for the last 30 yrs. She had to take the shot to remain living there
on March 20th, then, 10 weeks later these bruises started appearing all over her
arms/hands/upper body and swelling, she was purple.

Her immune system crashed and her arms and hands so swollen that in the
emergency dept they spoke of possible amputation if the bleeding and swelling
didn’t stop. She was in critical care in the hospital for 4 weeks and the
bleeding was controlled with blood products.

She now has Acquired Haemophilia. Two cases per million per year they said. I am
amazed she didn’t die. I imagine her immune system which was probably stronger
than most who tried to fight this. But the heavy dose of steroids and other
drugs she is still on has changed her entire personality and quality of life.

Doctors REFUSED to even have a discussion with me about the possible link
between the shot and what occurred, even though they said it was a complete
mystery why this happened to her. They said a reaction to the shot would have
happened within 2 days. Which we know is not the case for all.

When this horrific thing was happening to her body with NO former issues with
bleeding or immune disorders, the specialists in the ER were stumped and kept
asking me numerous questions about her general health. Clots, tumours etc all
ruled out with imaging tests. The fact she had never even had so much as a flu
shot before had me raising the question “could this be a reaction to her Moderna
injection?”, and my concerns were frowned on and shut down quickly by EVERY
Doctor and EVERY Specialist that I tried to have a conversation with.

Only a few of her other Doctors outside of the hospital agreed with me once she
was back in her nursing home that avoiding another injection was probably a
rational thing to do. It is now in her charts that she is allergic to the
shot. I have been adamant that she not be given another injection or any
boosters. I cannot imagine her going through or even surviving this again. Why
take the chance?

She was given the blood clotting product Factor 8, several injections a day for
three weeks. A chemotherapy drug, and heavy steroids. She is still on the
steroids and they are weaning her off slowly.

The Doctor told me they would typically see two cases per year per million, but
recently, on one site alone for adverse vaccine reactions, I saw 62 of these
cases reported!

My mother is not the same person she was 3 months ago. She was able to stand and
use her walker for short distances before. She is now wheelchair bound and
cannot even stand on her own so a Hoyer lift is used. The very heavy doses of
Prednisone (Steroids) to stave off any reoccurrence of the bleeding has altered
her in so many ways. Her personality has gone ‘flat’. Her dementia
intensified. She was always a very emotional person. Laughter and tears came
easily. Not anymore.

She rarely initiates conversation now and we are limited to simple verbal
interactions. But she still recognizes her family for which I am so very
grateful. Her body has ballooned. She has a ‘moonface’ and incredible bloating
in her feet. But she is not one to complain. And so I feel her retreating away
from us and this world week by week.

I am the main caregiver in our family for her and I have no idea if the damage
from these drugs will ever reverse itself as they slowly wean her off of
them. It is a terribly sad thing.

}
