\testimony{Justin  Harrington}
{New Jersey, USA}
{21 years old}
{Moderna}
{22nd May 2021}
{Myocarditis}
{picture.jpg}
{https://nomoresilence.world/moderna/justin-harrington-moderna-severe-adverse-reaction/}
{

\normalsize

Timothy Harrington Speaking to Bobby Kennedy jnr about his Son Justin’s Severe
Adverse Reaction:

Justin a 21-year-old New Jersey student suffered Severe Heart inflammation after
receiving his second dose of Moderna’s COVID vaccine.

Justin Harrington, whose school required him to get the vaccine in order to
attend classes in the fall, experienced flu-like symptoms followed by heart pain
within eight to 12 hours of receiving the vaccine. Justin’s father, Timothy
Harrington, said his son felt different after the second shot. “Every time his
heart beat it hurt and he felt pressure,”. “Then he developed heart pain down
both arms.”

Mr Harrington said his son, who has no underlying medical conditions, did not
experience heart pain with his first dose of the vaccine.

On May 24, two days after Justin received the second shot, his father took him
to the emergency room at Morristown Memorial Hospital because the symptoms had
worsened. “The physicians weren’t connecting it to the vaccine until I informed
the doctors my son just got the vaccine, and shared with them the information I
had found on myocarditis,” Mr Harrington said. “I didn’t think the doctors were
stupid, but physicians sometimes see with blinders on.”

Physicians checked Justin’s blood levels, which showed high protein
numbers. Abnormal scans, including an EKG, led to a diagnosis of
Myocarditis. Justin was hospitalised for three days while doctors attempted to
get the condition under control. Mr Harrington said even though his son has been
released, he still has chest pain and his life is not the same. “He has to wear
a heart monitor and take four different medications for six months,” Mr
Harrington said. “He has to sleep propped up, can’t exert himself and he’s
missing out on one of the most important times of his life.” Mr Harrington said
his son is supposed to be doing internships, “but how can he go out and find a
company to work with him when he can’t exert himself? He’s so smart and now he’s
side-lined. Doctors want my son to lie around for three to four months.”

As for Justin’s recovery, Mr Harrington said, “He has minor scarring on his
heart and doctors hope they caught it early enough that there will be no other
issues — but it’s pure conjecture at this point.” After Justin’s diagnosis,
doctors recommended Mr Harrington’s that their 19-year-old son, who received one
dose of the Moderna vaccine, not get the second shot. However, both sons were
told they needed to get vaccinated in order to attend school — despite both
previously having had COVID, Mr Harrington said.

In addition to the vaccine likely providing no benefit to those who already had
the virus, studies suggest people who were previously infected with COVID are
more at risk of severe adverse reactions.

Many colleges and universities — including the New Jersey Institute of
Technology (NJIT) where Justin is enrolled are mandating the vaccines for all
students, with few or no exceptions. “Justin’s a rule follower and he was
pressured to get it,” Mr Harrington said.

Mr Harrington said when he called the dean of NJIT prior to his son getting vaccinated and asked why the school is forcing young people who are at little risk of serious illness from COVID to get the vaccine, the dean replied that unless his son had a valid medical or religious exemption, it was a requirement.
“I am not ‘anti-vax,’” Mr Harrington said. “I am ‘anti-forced-vaxxed.’ They’re forcing these kids to get a vaccine even though they’re not affected by COVID or have already had it.”

According to Justin, he reported his myocarditis to the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention’s (CDC) Vaccine Adverse Events Reporting System (VAERS),
but no one from the agency followed up.

Justin said he would “absolutely not” recommend anyone get vaccinated, as he
does not want this to happen to any of his friends. “I’m not here to bash
Moderna, but I wouldn’t take it,” he said.

Mr Harrington said he also knows of a girl who had to have a heart transplant
after being vaccinated and believes his son’s condition could have been even
more severe if he hadn’t reached him in time.

}
