\testimony{Bruno Oscar Graf}
          {Santa Catarina, Brésil}
          {28 ans}
          {Astrazeneca}
          {14 août 2021}
          {AVC,  Thrombocytopénie prothrombotique immunitaire}
          {picture.jpg}
          {https://nomoresilence.world/astra-zeneca/bruno-oscar-graf-died-from-astra-zeneca-vaccine/}
          {

The lawyer and resident of Blumenau is a municipality in the state of Santa
Catarina, southern Brazil, Bruno Oscar Graf, 28, died Thursday, August 26, due
to a cerebrovascular accident (CVA) resulting from of a thrombosis. The boy’s
mother, Arlene Ferrari Graf, believes that the AstraZeneca vaccine, which fights
Covid-19, may have caused her son’s death. He was vaccinated on August 14th –
twelve days before his death – at the Vaccination Center, located in Parque Vila
Germânica.

Arlene says that Bruno felt severe headaches and fever and that is why he was
hospitalized on Monday, 23. On Tuesday, he reportedly suffered a hemorrhagic
cerebrovascular accident (CVA), which brought several complications to his
health and progressed to death two days later.

“They had a blood test that found low platelets and high CRP. Suspected Covid or
Dengue. They did nothing more than give medicine to relieve headaches. (…) On
Tuesday, at 7 pm, she had a stroke and there was nothing left to do”, said the
mother.

Through social networks, Arlene made a publication reporting the death:

“Bruno was a perfect son in every possible and imaginable way. A loving,
considerate, helpful and kind child. God in his infinite mercy has enlightened
us with these nearly 29 years of happy coexistence where love has reigned. Not a
day went by without me kissing him and saying: “son, mother loves you. – I love
you too mom”… I love my children and affection and kissing are part of our daily
lives”, she wrote in the post.

In another excerpt, she also points out that she and Bruno’s father decided to
donate his organs, so that “other parents can smile and Bruno’s heart continues
to beat”.

Arlene comments that the death certificate describes that the stroke was due to
an Immune Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia (TTI). Through research done, she found
that the cause of this thrombosis could be the vaccine.

In addition, she commented that when talking to the doctors who attended Bruno,
some confirmed that there was a relationship with the vaccine and others, with
fear, would have nodded when she questioned.

She also reported that an examination to investigate whether the cause of
thrombosis was the vaccine has already been carried out and that they are
awaiting the result.

“I’m waiting for the result of a test called anti-heparin PF4, which went to
Europe and this should give us a position. But I am basing myself on the set of
factors that resulted in the death of my beloved son”, she said.

Hospital Santa Catarina, place of death, through a press office, pointed out
that it will not comment at the time because it is still awaiting the results of
investigative tests.

Bruno Graf was forced to get vaccinated, as he was moving to Europe, where he
was going to get married and raise a family.

As usual, the mainstream media ignored the case, the government reported that
the benefits outweigh the risks, and it’s too early to draw conclusions. The
exam to prove that the death was caused by the vaccine, was paid by the family,
and cost about 800 dollars (more than three minimum wages in Brazil)!
  
}
