\testimony{Kalyn Ray}
          {Illinois, USA}
          {28 years old}
          {Pfizer/BioNTech}
          {18th March 2021}
          {Pounding headache, swollen eye, lost vision, bilateral uveitis}
          {picture.jpg}
          {https://nomoresilence.world/pfizer-biontech/kalyn-ray-pfizer-adverse-reaction/}
          {

\normalsize

My name is Kalyn Ray. I am suffering, so far, long term affects from one dose of
Pfizer. I got the Vax on a military installation on March 18, 2021 at 28 years
old (now 29)

Health History: I have POTS diagnosed in 2016. I also have Factor V Leiden
(blood clotting issue) and PCOS. So nothing to major.

Vaccine Symptoms: within a few minutes of getting my jab I had a horrible
pounding headache at the base of my neck/head. I was told my military medics it
was normal. After an hour I went home.

That headache stayed for a week or two. On day two I woke up with a swollen,
red, painful left eye. I went to urgent care and they said my eye looked fine
and gave me antibiotics and drops.

A week or so later the pain continued (swelling was gone) and I lost vision in
my left eye. I lost peripheral vision and couldn’t see below my eye. And it was
extremely blurry where I could see.

An ultrasound was normal. He said I wasn’t an emergency and sent me home. He had
no concern that I got the vaccine prior.

I saw an ophthalmologist the next day who didn’t physically see anything
wrong. He scheduled me to come back. My next appointment he started to see some
inflammation and cells floating.

I also failed my field vision test in my left eye.I had another apt and it
spread to my right eye. Bilateral uveitis and vision loss was my diagnosis. I
continued to see him, trying different meds and steroids. My eye pressure went
from 13 to 27. My vision went from 20/20 to 20/50.

The pain continues to this day. And my eye pressure continues to go
up. Specialists: ophthalmologist, neuro ophthalmologist, retina specialist,
primary doc, and rheumatologist (in September) Autonomic Dysfunction clinic (I
see them for pots but have let them know everything and they see no correlation
with my symptoms now and pots)

Tests: ultrasound (good), field vision tests (multiple) failed, 17 tubes of
blood, mri (good), and other eye tests idk the names of. My c reactive protein
came back high. My sed rate came back high, and my ANA came back positive (I had
an Ana in 2016 when I was diagnosed with pots and it was NEGATIVE)

My neuro ophthalmologist and retina specialist told me they see patients all the
time with eye problems after Vaccine continue to see all these doctors.

The immunization healthcare division from the DOD has contacted me because I
received it on a military installation.

They had me sign release of records forms and permission to use my records as
“research”.

}
