\testimony{Doreen Chan}
          {Singapore}
          {Unknown}
          {Pfizer/BioNTech}
          {3rd June 2021}
          {Sore arm, collapse, death (4th June 2021)}
          {picture.jpg}
          {https://nomoresilence.world/pfizer-biontech/doreen-chan-pfizer-death/}
          {

Andrew telling his Mums Story:

Mum went for her first vaccine on 3rd June 2021. Everything seemed fine except
for the sore arm. On 4th June, at around 7pm she was even chatting with my Dad,
but around 7:15pm, she collapsed. Dad called 995 and they guided him on the
phone to do chest compressions. Fifteen minutes later, paramedics arrived, they
did some emergency procedures and took her to the hospital.

I rushed down to the hospital and waited outside the resuscitation room, with
hope that she’ll be fine, praying and sending positive intentions. One hour
passed. The doctor came out, when he started talking, I already knew… tears
rolled uncontrollably. Mum passed on at 9pm.

Can you imagine how that felt?

Subsequently, the police investigation officer started to ask about foul play
and pre-existing conditions, saying that these case notes would determine if the
coroner decides to have an autopsy.

I then said to the officer, why isn’t the focus of the inquiry the Pfizer
Vaccine, which my mum had yesterday? Thankfully, I’m glad that the points I
raised in the report led to the coroner doing the autopsy. But… the question in
my mind was still, will they conclude that my mum’s death is caused by the
vaccine?

When the death certificate came out, the counter staff simply wanted me to sign
off, take the certificate and leave. Then I asked, what was the cause of death?
The counter staff pointed to the certificate saying it’s Ischaemic Heart
Disease. I asked, what does that mean? She asked another senior officer to
attend to me and that officer answered me saying it means it’s a “heart
attack”. But I questioned again, is the heart attack caused by the Pfizer
Vaccine? She answered, that can only be answered by the pathologist. I then
asked, can I speak to the pathologist? She answered, you need to talk to your
investigation officer to submit an inquiry to get the court to approve an
inquiry.

It looked like I wasn’t going to get my answer from the counter staff. I then
called the investigation officer, he said he’ll submit the inquiry on my behalf
but I need to be prepared to wait because Covid related inquiries currently have
four months waiting time.

Even though the anomaly was the vaccine, I knew I was not going to get my
answer.

At my mum’s wake, a friend of mine said his uncle also passed away shortly after
taking the vaccine. I was starting to get suspicious. Is there a pattern?

My dad also posted his story on the government’s REACH feedback unit and several
netizens also reported cases of death or permanent disability after the vaccine.

But here’s the thing I’m asking now. Is it possible that Covid Vaccine related
injuries or deaths are classified as something else right now? That’s why, if
you know of more of such cases of death or disability after the vaccine they
need to be reported.

I just want to seek the truth and hope that in my efforts, I can help other
affected parties seek their truths, together with me.

Please share this.

Thank you for your kind attention.

Please also look at the Story of the ‘Young Family’ as their mother also died
within 8 hours of the Pfizer Vaccine in Singapore.

}
