\testimony{Lee Stevens}
{United Kingdom}
{45 years old}
{AstraZeneca}
{26th March 2021}
{swelled arms, head pain, dizziness, brain fog, weak, loss of appetite}
{picture.jpg}
{https://nomoresilence.world/astra-zeneca/lee-stevens-astrazeneca-severe-adverse-reactions/}
{

Lee’s Story in his Own Words:

I’m 45 and have lived in England since 26th March. I have had severe reactions
to the AstraZeneca vaccine but I’ve only had the 1st jab. I’m obviously too
scared to have the 2nd. My symptoms are;

I had bloods done 13 days before the vaccine and my they were all fine. I then
had bloods 14 days after the Vaccine and now have pre type-2 diabetes. My arm
swelled up for 14 days was bright red and looked like Popeyes arm.  My throat
glands swelled and I found it hard to swallow my own saliva but my doctor said
it was just a virus of the throat.  Head pain in my Temples.  Dizziness.
Feeling feint 3 or 4 times a day – this comes on suddenly when out walking,
sitting down, or even on my bed.  Twitching to eye lid – this was very bad after
the Jab and not as much now but its still happening.  Brain Fog.  Generally
feeling unwell.  Weak some days, less others.  Loss of appetite.

I’m a keen carp fisherman but too worried about going fishing and being away
from home. I don’t like being around people as it gives me anxiety, but I was
not like this before.

The two doctors I’ve seen keep saying everything that is wrong with me has
nothing to do with the AstraZeneca Vaccine. On Monday she said that maybe I had
Covid and now have Long-Covid, so I asked my doctor for a Covid antibody test
and was told NO! So i paid £49.99 online to get a test done and had my results
yesterday, stating the result was ‘no antibodies found’. This will surely shut
the doctor up who said I had Long-Covid and that my sickness is nothing to do
with the Vaccine.

Ten days ago i was meant to have my 2nd Jab, which I cancelled, and since I have
had two letters, three SMS messages and one phone call. Each one said that I
need to have the 2nd jab!

}
