\testimony{Arooj Imtiaz Lughmani}
          {Waterford, Irlande}
          {Non communiqué}
          {Pfizer}
          {10 septembre 2021}
          {TIC, impossibilité de marcher, tremblements, bredouillement, crises de panique}
          {picture.jpg}
          {https://nomoresilence.world/pfizer-biontech/arooj-imtiaz-lughmani-pfizer-severe-adverse-reaction/}
          {
            
I’m a 5th year medical student and I was perfectly fine, but I’ve suffered an
allergic reaction to the Pfizer Vaccine which has left me with no coordination
and inability to walk.

I am constantly gaslighted and manipulated by my neurologist who says this is
happening because I have been through a huge trauma and it is all in my
head. EVEN IF IT IS, WHY AM I NOT GETTING SYMPTOMATIC RELIEF TREATMENT?! When
has suffering become part of a recovery plan in the HSE?

Ever since I started Clonazepam, my Seizures, Ticks, Tremors and Slurred Speech
stopped – but yesterday I spent in agony, an episode in the morning that the
nurses controlled with whatever they could give me, followed by a day of ticks
and tremors that eventually became a Tonic Clonic Seizure. I’m not happy that
this happened despite being sedated and on muscle relaxants. I don’t know what
is going on anymore. Still in pain still can’t walk, still haven’t breathed
fresh air, still hoping for a miracle.

I feel like I’m going to die and I don’t want anyone else to go through what I
am going through. I always wanted to be a doctor, to be a healer, to help
people. I don’t know how much longer of this life I have left, but I’m doing my
best to make people aware that the side effects are REAL.

I’m constantly exhausted, my legs feel like someone is sticking knives into
them, that’s how bad it is.

For all the people who have been sending me messages and comments stating ‘it’s
acting’, I honestly wish it was. I need your prayers more than ever. My family
is in immense pain I haven’t seen my mom in over a week because we are trying to
hide the severity from her, as she has severe anxiety.

The Irish Health Service has failed us. My father, a frontline worker for over
30 years, has to watch his daughter die because nobody cares.

I was incredibly excited to get my vaccination – I’m not against the vaccine,
even after all that is happening to me. But my concern is, the lack of
documentation of such symptoms related to Covid Vaccines – almost a stigma worse
than AIDS in the 80’s. The doctors do not want to admit that the Vaccine caused
this when my reactions started almost 10 minutes after my first vaccination,
while I was in the post-vax waiting room, filling out a survey and felt my arm’s
spasm.

Please educate yourselves, the UK \& Ireland.

}
