\testimony{Simone Scott}
          {Illinois, USA}
          {19 years old}
          {Moderna}
          {1st April 2021, May 2021}
          {Fatigue, cough, nose bleeds, low-grade fever, sore throat, swollen lymph nodes, irregular heartbeat, dizzyness, heart attack, myocarditis, death (11th June 2021)}
          {picture.jpg}
          {https://nomoresilence.world/moderna/simone-scott-died-from-moderna-vaccine/}
          {

Story told by Valerie, Simone's Mother Simone (Age 19), a student at
Northwestern University, received the first dose of Moderna in April.

She felt noticeably fatigued afterward and developed a bad cough, but thought it
could be allergies. Time passed and suddenly it was May, and she was due to
receive the second dose. Although she was still not feeling herself, she stuck
with the schedule and went in for it. Over the next two weeks, she experienced
frequent nose bleeds, a low-grade fever, sore throat, swollen lymph nodes, and
irregular heartbeat. During this time, she visited the student health clinic
three times, where it was assumed, she had some kind of virus and she was given
antiviral medication.

By May 16, she had only gotten worse. Dizzy, seriously fatigued and unable to
walk, Simone was admitted to the hospital where she and her family were told her
heart was failing. Her doctors suspected it was myocarditis, and that “a virus
was attacking her heart.“ An emergency surgery to insert a balloon pump was
performed, but it failed and Simone was placed on a heart-lung bypass (ECMO). By
May 23, doctors informed her parents that a heart transplant was her best option
and she was blessed to receive one that evening.

Following the surgery, Simone continued to struggle and had to remain
sedated. Her lungs had been severely damaged, and the immunosuppressive drugs
she was given to tolerate the transplant led to a severe lung infection. On 11th
June, Simone's parents were called in to say their last goodbyes.

Simone passed away that Friday morning. “I lost my only daughter. I never
thought I’d have to give up my daughter for the greater good of society. I do
suspect it was the Vaccine. If not directly, it played a role. I never knew that
there was a risk for something as serious as this, if that was made clear, I
would never have wanted Simone to have the Vaccine.

}
