\testimony{Kelli}
{Arizona, USA}
{Unknown}
{Pfizer/BioNTech}
{March 2021}
{Guillain-Barré Syndrome}
{picture.jpg}
{https://nomoresilence.world/pfizer-biontech/kelli-pfizer-severe-adverse-reaction/}
{

Kelli’s Story:

Kelli has been fighting hard with a very tough battle of Guillain Barre Syndrome
(GBS), a rare autoimmune disease which attacks the nerves and causes paralysis.

She can only move her hands, neck, and shrug her shoulders. She is unable to
grip or hold things. Kelli has been unable to eat by mouth for 4 weeks due to
the GBS impacting her swallowing and has been relying on a feeding tube.

Kelli has been battling this disease for over 7 weeks now and was first admitted
to the hospital on 30th March 2021. Her doctors believe it was brought on by the
2nd Pfizer Covid Vaccine. .

Kelli’s case of GBS has been relentless and not responding well to treatments
that most cases respond well to. This has made it very frustrating as we haven’t
found what treatment’s / treatment combinations are needed to first get her
disease to plateau (stop continuing to progress and keep relapsing). Her doctors
feel her case of GBS is trending towards the chronic form of GBS called Chronic
Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy (CIDP)

She has endured the following very tough treatments over the last 7 weeks: 7 x
IVIG, 10 x Plasmapheresis (Plex for short) and 1 IV high-dose chemotherapy (on
5/5).

Her voice has been very faint for weeks. She was relying on a Bi-pap breathing
machine to help prolong keeping her off the ventilator for weeks until her
diaphragm was just too weak coupled with the procedures to get her longer-term
feeding tube in place, which resulted in her now using the ventilator full-time
through a tracheotomy.

Kelli was/is an extraordinary nurse and wonderful daughter, sister, aunt, niece,
and friend. She enjoys yoga, running, hiking, and traveling. Recently, in
addition to being a nurse, Kelli began pursuing her masters degree in nursing
from Grand Canyon University and was even awarded the Dawn Gross Scholarship
from M.D. Anderson Cancer Center.

Kelli was healthy before the Pfizer Vaccine and got it to supposedly protect her
patients.

}
